Update README.md (#6)
kevisu/kevisu-test: README.md

## Here is the history of commits
* This message was made from the personal account - Aug 26th 2020

> * This messageee was made from work account - Aug 26th 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This message was made from the work account - Aug 26th 2020
```
